[Network Path] Recommend not setting UDP port (#25193)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/network_monitoring/network_path/setup.md

  
     ## @param port - uint16 - optional - default:<RANDOM PORT>
     ## The port of the destination endpoint.

>      ## For UDP, we recommende not setting the port since it can make probes less reliable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     ## For UDP, we do not recommend setting the port since it can make probes less reliable.
```

Author: 👍 fixed

>      ## For UDP, we recommende not setting the port since it can make probes less reliable.

Author: ```suggestion
     ## For UDP, we recommend not setting the port since it can make probes less reliable.
```
